C R M and lead vocabulary — the shared language of BD, Sales, and Management.
1.2
This module has a structure ready, and a source on the way.
2.1
Why does this module exist?
2.2
Because the same words must mean the same thing to everyone.
2.3
When BD, Sales, and Management write identical C R M notes, a lead never gets lost in translation.
3.1
Here is what this module will cover once its source lands.
3.2
The canonical list of lead statuses and what each one means.
3.3
Lead types and opportunity stages.
3.4
The shared vocabulary Sales must recognise — D R F, Closure Form, Principally Agreed, B O Q — even where Design or Factory own the work.
4.1
And the honest part: the content itself comes from two Notion pages — the C R M funnel taxonomy and the glossary — that have not been pasted yet.
4.2
Nothing here is invented.
4.3
The module, and its flashcard quiz, unlock the moment the source text arrives.
5.1
Until then, note three things.
5.2
One — this module is structure-ready, waiting only on its source.
5.3
Two — the vocabulary to watch for: D R F, Closure Form, Principally Agreed, B O Q.
5.4
Three — the goal: the same words meaning the same thing to BD, Sales, and Management.
6.1
Module nine is on deck.
6.2
Watch this space — the vocabulary lands with the source.